Okay. So I think the last time we were
doing the
open AI agent builder. Okay.
So
again let's
check what is the status and readiness
rather.
So, were some of you
able to
get the open kit uh started at your end?
Did you try
or was there any success?
Yeah.
>> Okay. At least uh you have been able to
explore
some of the
agents. That was the main thing I wanted
to hear. And were you able to also
evaluate uh I mean evaluation will need
you to verify the organization. That is
what I had clearly mentioned. Okay.
Yeah.
>> Yes. We tried that.
>> Okay. Okay.
So, let's go. And uh
>> so one one thing we have I know Prashant
is a common or any permissions or
something access missing when we are
saving like you know draw our from
scratch we build our copied version when
we want to go back and look it was not
showing in our uh list that one um
>> so that will go in the drafts if you
start duplicating it. Okay. So, let me
just show you.
Um,
yeah. Is my screen visible?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, normally when you uh click
onto the templates, you can open any of
these. Okay. And when you uh create or
start modifying it, automatically it
gets saved drafts.
So it may not have a name but that is
usually what comes up. So if you have
let's say query database using national
language or document comparison internal
knowledge assistant let's say if I click
this one okay and I can start modifying
okay so but before that I would strongly
suggest you to you know provide a name
to it because so on the top uh you can
actually also duplicate this. Okay. So
this is as you can see in the draft mode
on your top left. Can you see that's
that
>> I I think you asked us to create project
also right? uh even we created somehow
the drafts it's not showing even I like
u uh not only the evolution mode I try
to publish also and still it's yeah
under the drafts it's not showing and
there is no draft option itself that is
where I thought to you know check with
you in this
>> there is no draft altogether this is
strange if you see I can also duplicate
this
>> and rename this the moment you actually
click on any of those templates it by
default starts with a draft.
So I have no idea what is uh so you see
this was the draft which we just
>> see this screen I am there Prashant do
you see those three options workflows
drafts and templates
>> now only only other reason just hold on
only other reason is uh can you see your
project make sure that you're in a right
project
>> you might have created the template in a
different or accessed in so what I'm
trying to say is if I change the project
this entire screen will be different Now
you can see there's no draft and
workflow because that was created in a
different project. So if you created
your draft in a different project and
browsing a different project later you
will not be able to see. Can you see
there are no drafts now
>> because I changed the project. So the
moment I come back to the right project
which is my default in this case then I
start getting the workflows draft and
all the templates.
So this would be the second reason why
you are not able to see your drafts and
the workflows. If you are saved then it
goes to the workflows. Saved means you
publish it before publishing everything
will still be in the draft mode.
But the moment you change the project
folder okay so if you're not browsing
the I mean you are creating all these
agents in which project let's say
project ABC or default project. But
while you are browsing the project XY Z
now you can see when I'm browsing the a
different project all the agents which
were created for a default project are
not visible so that could be one reason
>> I will retry I try I have only two
projects default and then both I don't
see but again I will try and otherwise
I'll send note
>> so as I said uh I mean the moment you
click on any of the templates it
immediately gets copied to the draft So
this is the one which I just clicked. It
gets immediately copied to the draft.
Okay. And then on the top right there
are three dots. From there you can
actually rename it. Okay. So let's say
this is your triage agent. I'm just
giving some name. Okay. And you can see
the the name has changed and you can
also instantly start evaluating it.
Okay. So if I just go back now you can
see in the drafts this triage agent is
there. So unless I publish it. So the
moment I publish it, this triage agent
will move from draft to the workflow
model. So on the right side, can you see
the publish button? The moment I publish
it, okay, if while publishing, I can put
some version numbers also. That's what I
usually do. Okay, so I start getting
some uh you know IDs and all that that
we will see later what to do with these.
Okay.
Uh but now you can see this shows a live
mode. And if I go back to my workflows,
this triage agent is now visible. That's
how things move from template to drafts
to the workflows. So these workflows are
published and all of them have some ids,
workfl ID attached to them. Okay. So
we'll see towards the end what to do
with these workflow ids. But uh this is
how you can copy any of the templates.
Click on any of these it automatically
gets copied and then you can also resume
working from uh the drafts as well and
once you publish those draft it goes
into the workflow mode right so that is
how it is okay so there is one agent
this is version four probably we will
create um
okay and then we will advance to the
version five of this. Okay. Uh this is
the version that I have. We can I'll
show you how to create this from
scratch. Okay. Uh and of course as I
mentioned uh in the last session also I
probably may not wait for others to do
it right now. Okay. I expect that you
guys follow the recordings and uh try
this out at home. Okay. Uh from the
recordings. So this way I'm sure that
you would have tried number one and once
you have tried you will get some doubts
issues support team is there to help you
out in all these cases. Okay and um we
can at least finish this a bit faster.
So that's the idea. Okay.
So the reason to finish this faster is
I'll be able to take another agent
followup enhancement of this agent.
Okay. So that will also really be very
helpful. Fine.
So let's get started. Uh I see that some
people have also tried NA. Yes.
Good. So how do you create this? I'll
just go to agents once again. Uh so
I'll just go to
um create. So this is the button. I'm
just starting from scratch. Okay. So
this is what I have. I have the start
button. So this is going to take the
input from the user. Okay.
And then I have the agent. Okay. Now
this agent you can see uh
Okay, let's continue this way.
Yeah. So on the right side you can see
uh this agent but again this is
just a moment just see what is
happening.
window.
Okay. So, problem is the zooming of this
platform. When I try to do a pin zoom,
that clashes with the zooming of the
platform which normally we can control
by using the scroll button of your
mouse. Okay. So scroll in scroll out
this is
happening from the uh you know mouse
scroll button and uh there is additional
pin zoom which is anyway possible okay
from your uh browser okay so they are
conflicting anyway so this is what I get
if you want me to increase the screen
size
uh this should be good okay for
Hm. So when I click on this agent, uh
this is like your LLM integrated
already. Okay. This is like your LLM
integrated already.
So
let's do one thing very basic very basic
without doing anything. I'll just click
on end
and simply connect them. Okay. And here
you are a helpful assistant. answer the
user query. Okay. Uh in
polite professional
tone
fine uh include chart history important
uh you if you want to change the model
that is fine. Uh ship it 5.2 that's
okay. Reasoning effort low, medium, high
whatever you want or even extra high.
Some of these tools for now we will
skip. Output format is a normal text.
We'll see how to create JSON and widget
formats. And uh verbosity means how long
outputs you want. So medium, short or
high. Okay, that is a verbosity of the
outputs. Summary uh let it auto
summarize the chats. And if you want to
display the chatkit uh response. So this
is like uh internal debugging messages.
Okay. Show the progress. These are all
internal de debugging messages. So if
you want to show these internal
debugging messages then you can click
them on. They are already on. Okay. Or
if you want a neat uh user interface you
can keep them off. Write to conversation
history. Yes. Uh so that you can ask
follow-up questions. Okay. So
maybe uh I can just go ahead and uh
start this agent. So there's a uh you
know play button at the top. Okay, if
you can see there's a play button at the
top. I'm just clicking on that play
button. So that will take the agent from
uh code mode or you can say the build
mode to the deploy mode. Okay, let's
see. I can ask some questions. So what
is United Nations organization?
Let's see.
M
so I'm directly getting some response if
you see I'm directly getting some
response internal thought process and
those things are not printed yet okay
and at the end I'm getting something uh
in fact this is obtained because of the
end branch that I have set if you don't
want to end that is also fine okay but
with this I'm actually able to
Okay, I think I closed it.
I'll be able to get a run ID and from
there I can also trace back. Okay.
Um
let's see.
Same thing. And if you just zoom out uh
you'll also see what are the steps. So
as these blocks are getting executed,
these blocks are also highlighted. You
can see. So I can ask some follow-up
questions. When was it formed? You can
see I can ask follow-up questions.
Okay. So is
India a part of
it? Let's see. So now it is able to
understand what does it mean. Okay.
Because of the conversation history and
you can see as the blocks are getting
executed they also get highlighted.
Okay. So I'm getting the answer that yes
India is a founding member 26th June
1945 when it came out of four. Fine. So
this looks good as of now. Okay. Now uh
the only change that I will do is I'll
rerun this and just to show you uh the
agent when I click more and these three
the kind of outputs you will get okay
the progress messages show search
resources and all that if if you are
enabling the search web search tool then
this will also be shown display the
response in the chat anyway that is
there. So now let me again go to the
evaluate mode
ask the same question and now let's see
what we get.
Okay so pretty much similar because
there is nothing much in this frankly.
Okay maybe the other agents that we will
create uh there you will see the better
trace. So there's not much to change in
this or difference in this. Okay. So
we'll keep that to the default. Don't
worry. Also, if you want to trace uh all
these API calls, you can see whatever
API calls have been made. Okay. In the
last 5 days, 1 day, you can just select
this number. Okay. So all these can be
traced by using the evaluate mode. Fine.
So you can click on the workflow start.
Workflow start will give you the uh all
the input. What was it and what was the
output? Fine. And then from there you
can go to the next part. The agent. What
did the agent reply and how much time it
took to create that reply? What was the
you know API? So this is your post. Uh
now there are two types of rest APIs uh
you know communication method uh post
and get. So this was a post
message you can say. Uh you can see all
the configuration model configurations
used top p response s text uh total 300
tokens were used. This was the actual
model ID. This was the response ID you
can see and uh system instructions are
there. Now you can see this system
instruction this part was already there.
This is the part which I added later.
Okay, this was the user input and this
is the final output which came from the
entire system and then the workflow
ended. So you can see each part and you
can trace it exactly end to end. Okay.
So that is the meaning of trace here.
Okay. We didn't have to write down any
additional code and we get the entire
trace
exactly. Okay. Fine. So for now I'll
just close this. This way you can
actually track the each and every agent
response. The only problem that might
come here is
if you want this agent to also
uh
do a follow-up question. Uh okay. So let
me just end this here. Okay. Uh you can
how do you delete this? So if you click
on the node uh or basically this line
click on this line if you want that is
called as edge. So remember that this
line is called as the edge. we will use
the same word same word in line graph
also. So the lines or the connectors are
called as edges and these boxes are
called your nodes. Okay. So remember
this line I'm clicking on that line and
uh if you want you can inspect it or you
can actually delete that. So that
deletes the connection. So I'll just
keep that for now. Uh okay what I'll do
is I'll add uh another agent let's say
and this agent gives output to this
agent. Now,
okay.
Now, only problem is if you try to
directly connect this start.
Okay. Let's say if you directly try to
connect this
with this, it may not be possible
either here. You see, which means direct
branching is not possible. Okay. uh if
you try to directly connect it here you
can see either here or here it doesn't
work so which means how do you pass the
user input back okay so one way is let's
try one way is try to connect the output
of this agent to this agent okay and
I'll again just end the conversation so
two agents back to back I'll just rename
them okay so let's call this agent as uh
classify higher aging.
Okay. Uh in this case, let's say that
you will uh
uh you know
categorize uh the
you can say the query. Okay,
you can categorize the query as I have
saved some of these responses. Let me
just
to save time. H
okay. So this is my categorization
prompt. Okay. Act as customer support
agent trying best to categorize the
customer query and it will be one of
these. Okay. Just return one of these
from the above. Okay. Now let me just
copy this much part of the prompt. If
you want you can try this if you are
trying this. Okay. But uh don't worry.
Okay. So this is the I'll share this
entire text file with you. Don't worry.
Okay. So I am just pasting it here. This
is my
this is my classifier agent. This is
your query classifier. So query
classifier agent. You can see this is my
query classifier agent. And after query
classification, the output goes to
another agent which will classify the
sentiment. So let's call this as
sentiment classifier. So here this is
very clear. Let me show you what is the
prompt. Act as customer support agent
trying the best to categorize you are an
agent for the AI products and hardware
company. So we want to categorize this
as technical query or billing query or
general query. Okay. So we are just
trying to see the overall behavior how
it goes and uh from there I'll also
discuss one small problem okay and then
I'll give you the highle idea about the
project that we are going to create
right now I haven't given you that idea
I know it just follow uh whatever I'm
doing as of now okay and uh so at this
point of time I just want this agent
this is not technically an agent I'm
just making a llm call it's just a plain
API call which I'm making So it will
take the user query and just classify
the user query as technical or billing
or general. That's the only thing which
I am expecting. That's it. So I have
clearly mentioned
return the query name only one from the
above. And let's save this. Now another
agent which I'll used as sentiment
sentiment
uh classifier
agent. Let's see. So for this sentiment
classifier agent, I've got another
prompt. Okay, let me see. This is
another follow-up prompt. So, act as
customer support agent and uh you have
to analyze the just show you
have to analyze the customer query and
you have to classify the customer query
in exactly one of these three either it
is positive or neutral or negative and
you have to just return one of these
three sentiments from the above. So,
okay, I want to classify
and uh also return that value. Okay,
let's end this. Okay, now let me start
going into the evaluation mode. Let's
see what happens. Okay, so let's say
uh
how can I access the past invoices?
Okay, let's see what happens. Now it is
going to the classifier agent
query classifier then sentiment and then
it shows as neutral. Okay. Uh this shows
as neutral this shows as billing. Okay.
You can see
I've got neutral this as billing because
uh the query was about the past
invoices. So basically the same query is
passing here. The same query is passing.
And how do I know I know that the same
query is passing because uh if you open
any of these blocks see point I'm trying
to make is this guy
although you did not directly connect
this to the start say this is the one
which is capturing this is capturing
the user query now that user query is
passed on to this and from here I got
the classification as billing
Okay. And then I connected that agent to
another agent which is my sentiment
classifier agent and that recognized
this as neutral. But
the query is being classified as neutral
not the output of billing that is what
we have to understand. Okay.
And how do I verify that? Okay. There is
one way to verify that. Okay. Let's say
I am frustrated.
Your product does not work. I want
to return
it. Let's see
what happens.
Okay.
So reasoning uh it's billing and
negative. Okay. Uh your product does not
work. Somehow this is still showing as
billing. Maybe that was a
general query.
That's okay. But at least it is able to
figure out that it is negative. Which
means this cannot be the sentiment
attached to the word billing. Okay. It
is the sentiment attached to the actual
query. You can see in the reasoning here
also the user is expressing frustration
since the product doesn't work. So
basically that clearly shows you that
the sentiment analyzer agent has direct
access to the query.
How? I'll show you. But I have not
directly wired it. That's the important
thing you have to understand. Okay. So
without even wiring the query is flowing
from one block to another block. Okay.
And that can be explained you can see
leading to a desire for return. It
definitely returns uh it's a negative
tone. So my conclusion is that the
sentiment is negative. Fine. So let me
just close that and uh let me show you
here. So here if you see include in the
chat history. So that is the one and
here also I have seen include in the
chat history. So it is because of this
include in the chat history. Okay
because of this the chat history has
everything the chat history has what the
user has asked and what this agent is
outputting. So both the things are
included in the chat history and when
you include both of them in the chat
history that chat history is
automatically passed on to the sentiment
classifier agent. Now this sentiment
classifier agent is able to access that
chat history and from that chat history
it picked up the customer's query
clear and that's how it was able to give
the sentiment fine although you have not
explicit explicitly passed on. So this
is not directly joined to this but
because the query is included in the
chat history.
Okay, the query is included in the chat
history. This uh customer classifier
agents output is also there in the chat
history. Okay, and this output is also
there in the chat history. I mean this
is all working very nicely. Okay, now
this in principle is working. Okay, I'm
able to you know classify the customer
query. I've shared the both the prompts.
Okay, and uh I've shared both the
prompts. This is going to classify the
customer query. This is going to you
know
provide the sentiment for the customer
query and the workflow is ending. Okay.
Now there are some nuances which cannot
be handled by this
Okay. Uh am I audible now? I don't know.
Zoom crashed and then came back.
Okay. So, this is the question I was
answering. How reliable these agents? Uh
and can we do all this draw stock
trading uh uh and uh technical analysis?
Basically, answer is yes and no. uh it
basically depends on the prompt and one
agent may not be able to do all of it.
So maybe you uh will need to follow some
steps. I'm just giving a high level
idea. Maybe the first agent will
download all the OHLCV data. Okay. And
that data will uh maybe where does it
download it from? Maybe your trading
view or broker API whatever. So that
will connect to trading view or broker
API. collect all the OLCV data whatever
time frame that you wish to and then
that will give to another agent in the
system prompt you have already mentioned
that you are going to calculate all the
EMA values MACD values RSI this and that
VWAP ADX okay so that agent will
probably calculate all these values
based on the previous agent's output
which is uh maybe a data frame of OLCV
values and then the third agent will
analyze these numbers So that's how I
would do it systematically
uh rather than trying to create a single
agent which will try to do too many
things. This way I have a better
visibility and I have a better control.
So if I just want to change uh the
broker API, I'll just change the first
agent because the second agent will
still analyze, third agent will sorry
the second agent will still calculate
the technical indicators and the third
agent will still do the analysis the
same way. Okay. Or if tomorrow I want to
add a new indicator, I don't have to
touch the first and the last agent, I
just have to change the prompt in the
second agent. So that is the way I would
do it frankly. But in principle, yes, it
is doable. Your design of the agentric
system is very important in such cases.
Okay.
Reliable of the numbers. Uh
agents are ultimately powered by LLMs.
LLMs can hallucerate numbers.
So other way you can do is you can have
a Python code
which calculates these uh
technical indicators and use those
Python functions as tools attach it to
your agents. So for example now you are
saying calculate EMA fine. So there is a
tool which calculates the EMA. Now that
tool is actually a Python function. So
technically what is happening is
wherever this agent is deployed okay a
python function gets executed it really
calculates using pandas functions
whatever sci functions scikitle learn
functions whatever is needed okay and
real calculation happens rather than lm
telephonated numbers okay even llm can
do that in its own sandbox
these days these are a bit much more
reliable compared to uh last year or
previous years Okay.
So these days they are much more
reliable. That's what I have seen. Okay.
But if you want to be 210% sure then uh
don't outsource the calculations to
these models. Models are supposed to
only do the analysis. Calculations are
supposed to be done inhouse isolated
sandboxed environments. So you can write
down your own Python functions. Attach
those Python functions as tools as you
can see here. Okay. So in your tools you
can have own Python function. Can you
see there is a local function option
here. So that's what I'm trying to say
and then uh the agent will know that
okay to calculate EMA I'll use this tool
to calculate VWAP I'll use that tool to
calculate RSI I'll use that tool to
calculate MACD I'll use that tool. So
that's the better way if you really want
to be sure about the numbers.
Uh can we change the format of the
output ji? Yes, that we will do. Hold
on. Okay, I'll show you. Right now all
the outputs are string. You need to have
a reason to change the output. So if I
just simply show you it is possible. It
doesn't still make sense. I'll show you
with reason. This is post method to LLM
AP. Yes, that's what it shows from your
uh traces.
If you
yes uh top P top K okay let's not
technically discuss that this is out of
the box question Mary okay so out of
context question I mean this is not the
right time to discuss all that maybe if
time permits towards the end I might
discuss in last 2 minutes just remind me
but most likely I would encourage you to
you know search for the answer on charge
JP easily because that's very
technically
uh you know a technical question uh top
p and top k
uh
so that is for the model not exactly the
agent reuka uh top p top k is how do you
manipulate the behavior of the model
while generating the output okay
sampling that's basically controlling
the sampling
Okay. Okay.
How do you add this agent to the start
step? Uh I think
Arenuk I have already mentioned several
times even last session. Okay. Please do
not try to do along with me. Focus on
the learning here. Try to do all these
things later. Okay. So I'll not be able
to wait for your pace.
uh if you miss out on any of these
steps.
Uh
fine. Uh Mary is asking I gave this one
there was no call back from the customer
and I'm disappointed it classified as
general.
I don't know. So maybe
disappointed classified is as general
means what? Yeah, that's should be
general. that is not related to billing
that's not related to technical so it
would be general that's correct
sentiment would be negative
so there are two different things
happening you are not uh don't mix them
okay so query classification is general
query and sentiment wise that would be
negative I can just show you that uh
that should work at least I'll just copy
so in principle this works as of now but
uh now
okay so it's negative and uh that would
be general so that's correct
right
uh some people are asking about the
tracing again go to the evaluate mode
you can see the traces okay there is a
evaluate button from there you can see
the traces
all these. Okay. So workflow
uh this each of these agents you can
click on this and you can see what is
the input what is the output for these
agents
along with the reasoning for each of
these steps how much time did it take
okay for each of these steps
milliseconds this and that so everything
you can check okay so this part is done
and uh now only problem here is
okay the only problem here this
if I want to also you know pass some
other variables or store the outputs for
later reference
okay it will be difficult. So for
example, for example, here this guy
said,
this guy said the output is general.
Okay. Uh output is general means the
query classified was general. But I
never saved that general as a variable
to be accessible anywhere later.
If I want to apply some rule or logic
based on the output of this agent,
listen to me very carefully. Okay? If I
want to apply some rule or logic or
routing based on the output of this
agent whether it is technical or billing
or general, okay, that cannot be done
because what has happened is I am not
technically saving it as a variable. It
is being saved in the chat. So as long
as you are passing the chat throughout,
it might work. I'm using the word might
work. How reliable? I don't know. Okay.
So idea is can I actually save this
output as a variable
in this entire agent state. So there is
a concept called as agent state. Okay.
Agent state is like a whiteboard in
which each agent will update whatever it
has seen and whatever it has done.
Okay. So all the outputs of the agents
will be updated in the agent state.
Okay. So here the output is uh one of
the three values. One of these three
values will be the output. So can I save
this in some agent state? Okay.
Similarly the sentiment here the
sentiment would be positive, negative,
neutral. So can I save this in
reagent state? Answer is yes. Okay. So
let's try doing that. Okay. And I'll
show you the obvious benefit. So the
problem that now I'm going to solve here
is um uh agentic rag system. Okay, I'm
going to create an agentic rag system in
which
based on the customer
sentiment. Okay, I'll just show you the
highle rules how it goes. Okay, if you
want you can write down these rules
somewhere.
Uh so the query
will get sentiment analysis. So
sentiment analysis this is our agentic
rag system which we are going to create.
Okay.
Uh so query will be analyze analyzed and
based on the sentiment analysis I will
have two options whether
okay whether
it will be positive or neutral
or it will be negative.
If it is negative directly escalate to
human
escalate to human
and end that is the graph I am going to
follow but if it is positive or neutral
then in that case okay in this case then
I want to apply a router like a if
condition okay if you see I'll use this
if else okay I'll use this if else
router okay
so if If it is a
if it is billing query,
else if it is technical query,
else
if it is a general query
and there would be else also. Okay. Or
maybe you can delete this else and make
this as else itself. Okay. uh else means
it will be automatically
your remaining case which will be your
general so will design however so based
on based on
based on the query classified so here
I'm going to do sentiment classification
somewhere in between I'll have to do a
query classification okay so somewhere
in between here I'll do a query
classification here I'll do a query
classification so query
classification I will be doing somewhere
here. Okay. So once I do the query class
classification these are the three
options I get
and now I'm going to invoke three
different agents. I'm going to invoke
three different agents
these three different agents. Okay let
me just uh
draw that part here. Okay.
Uh I don't have space on the right side.
So these are three different agents.
Okay. Agent one uh let's say billing
agent, technical agent and general
agent. Okay. So I'll just write down the
block names. So billing agent, technical
agent and your
general agent. So now these agents will
give you the reply.
Okay? And that will go to end. So all of
these will reply and finally go to end
end block. There will be another end
block.
Now before replying it will fetch the
relevant information from the rag
system. So I need to have a rag system a
vector database. So let's call it as a
vector database
or a file search facility. Okay file
search facility. So all of these three
will be connected to that vector
database.
So before replying it will fetch the
relevant documents from the vector
database and then use that to augment
the LLM response and finally end the
overall cycle. So let me repeat once
again. So the user query comes up here
the first step. Second step I do a uh
sentiment analysis.
Okay. So if the sentiment is negative
directly escalate to the human there
will be a block called as human
escalation and from there it will
directly go to end. Okay. So that is the
uh 3 4 and 5
that is one
otherwise if you see
this is one branch the other branch is
this
where I'll be
going on the other side if it is
positive or neutral what the query
analysis okay sentiment if the query
sentiment is positive or neutral then
this is your new
This is your four uh sorry this is your
four where the query classification
happens whether it is billing query,
technical query or general query. And
then in the fifth step okay one of these
three agents will be routed. So this is
my router essentially. This is my
router.
Okay. And then sixth step is here. One
of these agents will actually reply
based on the evidence retrived from your
file search or vector database and then
it will go to end. So this is the
process. Okay. So 3 4 5 6 7. So there is
another parall thing happening. So at
one time either this branch will trigger
or that branch will trigger because no
sent no query will have a sentiment
which is positive and negative
simultaneously. Correct. Or neutral or
negative simultaneously. So either this
branch gets triggered. Okay. Or that
branch gets triggered. Okay. It's it's
going to be one of them. Plus now I have
got a router. Okay. Here is my router.
Okay. So, this is the overall
architecture I'm going to create. And if
you want to see this at a high level, I
might have already shown you. Uh
I'll just create this at a high level.
So, I'll just show you this is already
done the agent number version 4. Okay.
So, here if you see I start the giving
the query. Now, the agent state what
does it do? Actually I told you that uh
we can store additional variables which
is available to all these agents. Okay
that are going to subsequently access
these variables like variables could be
user query variable could be the
sentiment attached to the user query.
Third it will be the
query classified and there can be many
things more. Okay. the output of the
previous agents can also be stored as a
variable which can be captured by the
other subsequent agents. So the reason
to store it explicitly is
the format is conserved because you are
storing it in the exact format. If you
let's say the format of the previous
agent was a JSON format. So you can
actually assign the value as a JSON
format directly. So it will be saved as
a JSON format or a dictionary format or
a list format. That data type gets saved
and preserved.
All these values are anyway available in
the chat history. But chat history is a
you know text blob. There the variable
type gets lost. Remember that. So the
chat and chat history also has all these
values whatever input output has come.
Okay. But chart history is like a text
blob that does not preserve the um data
types of these variables. Okay. So that
is the main reason I will create a agent
state. How it is done? Uh I'll show you
maybe once you see this in working this
gets more clear and then uh I'm going to
classify the
u sentiment and then I will store the so
here what am I doing? I'm just storing
the customer query. This is just to
store the customer query. Okay, once I
have stored the customer query
uh that will be available to me as a
variable. Okay, which I can pull
in the previous agent that I had shown
the customer's query was being pulled
from the chat history. Now this will be
pulled from the variable history. So
which is your set state. So the state
has all the variables. So the first
variable assignment which is happening
or going to happen here is assigning a
variable explicitly to store the
customer query. Now that is what I'm
going to access it here. Okay. So this
agent is not going to access from the
chat history. It will access the actual
uh query from the state from the state.
Okay. So that is the main difference.
And then output of this will be again
saved in the agent state that is
basically output of this will also be
stored in some variable. And now I'm
applying my router. As you can see if it
is positive or neutral or else means
negative. There are only two options.
Okay. So if it is else means it is
negative it goes to the human escalate
agent and ends. And if it is positive or
neutral then it goes for the query
categorization. The moment the query
categorization has happened, billing,
technical or general, I will again store
that value in the agent state and now
retrieve it from the agent state and do
my routing. You can see the routing is
happening and based on these three
router one of these three agents will be
triggered. One of these three agents
will be triggered. Your billing,
technical or the general agent and all
these three agents are powered by your
file search, your vector database. Okay,
so that I will show you later. And then
finally once the reply has been
generated by these three agents it will
actually end the process. Okay if you
want I can show you this in working end
to end before we can uh start creating
it. Okay maybe I can show you this um
how this works. So I have just zoomed it
out so that you can see the entire flow
as the agent executes. Okay overall
flow. So
do you support
onprem models? Okay, let's see what I
get. So now you can see it has started.
Sentiment has been analyzed and it has
gone to the general agent. It should
have gone to the technical agent. This
is strange but it was supposed to have
gone to the technical agent because it
may not have understood onrem models
means what? But I was expecting it to go
to the technical agent anyway but still
I have got my answer and you can see
this is supported from some JSON file
which I'll show share it with you. Okay.
So this is supported from the JSON file
means this answer is supported from a
file search. Okay. So this neutral
sentiment has been stored in the agent
state and then the router happens
entire. So this is the final output.
Yes. Maybe I can ask another question.
Um,
what is your refund
policy?
Okay.
So again it has gone to the general
agent. Okay. And uh it is now searching.
Can you see here searched files?
So the response is coming by searching
the files. That is the important thing.
So two relevant documents it has found
which is giving you the answer. So
30-day money back guarantee is there for
all our products and if you want to
initiate the refunds
please go ahead. So you can see 1 2 3
four documents were uh referred or four
chunks were actually retrived which were
able to
augment that answer. Okay maybe one last
question. Um
let's say what are your
working hours? Okay, let's see. This is
also a general query. I know it. But
let's see what is the answer we get.
So 9 to six. Okay. How to get how to get
the past invoices?
Now this time it has to go to the
billing agent otherwise there is
something wrong. Yes, it has gone to the
billing agent. Now you can see. Okay, so
indeed it has gone to the billing agent
and things are working. So login into
your account, go to billing and then
select the invoice and click download.
Perfect. So my agent is working
definitely. So this is the version that
we want to create, right?
Okay. So let's go back and uh modify the
previous agent. Okay. Uh that should be
already in the drafts. Uh this is the
agent that we were creating. Okay. So
what I'll do is first I'll just delete
these uh edges. I'll keep these agents
but I'll just delete the edges for now.
Okay. So I have these.
Okay. So I have these agents.
Okay. Ready. So I'll just zoom in. I
zoom back. Okay.
So questions let's see
is it possible to call this whole agent
from a website for real business? Yes.
And that is what the chatkit
uh offers Mr. G. Okay. So chatkit uh
once I deploy this I'll get a workflow
ID for this entire agent. I'll get a
workflow ID. All you have to do is just
give that workflow ID to your web
development team. It is not your job. it
is their job to integrate. So there is a
package called as chatkit. They will
install that chatkit package using uh
NodeJS. It's a npm package. So they the
webdev team knows. So it's a NodeJS
package. They will install the chatkit
package and all you have to do is just
provide the workflow ID. So you are
technical. You will design the agent.
For each agent there is a workflow ID.
Just provide that workflow ID and that's
it. It is their headache to integrate
the chat interface onto the website.
So only customization is the prompt
answer is no. You have to customize
everything. Okay. A lot of things just
uh don't infer too many things at one
go. Okay. But the only difference
between these two agent is the prompt as
of now. Yes. But in this whole agent
we'll be actually configuring a lot of
things.
Uh in real life if this will be if else.
Yes. that will also be if else in the
real life. Okay. Uh I'll reproduce the
same agent in langraph and there also
you will see the if else condition. Lang
graph also implements a router behind
the scenes. Okay. So that router is also
powered by if else behind the scenes.
Okay. Uh you wanted to see the state. I
purposely did not do that because I want
to create it up front. Okay. Um why is
it going to general billing false? Okay.
complex system
uh incorrect state for analysis
if yes uh okay we'll take that question
later after login test shouldn't be
agent pass invoice okay those are not
really related right now so
set state this is the button I have
clicked bottom left and now I've got
this okay I'll just put this slightly
okay I'll connect this set state to
here. Now click on this
and it is asking me to assign some
values there. Okay. So you can set you
can say it says clearly you can set some
global variables right
so what all variables you want to add h
and then you can let's say this is the
workflow.input this is available to me.
Let me show you once again. The moment I
click the
one which is already available to me is
the
click on this. Many times it doesn't
work. So input and then press tab. That
should work. Okay. Uh it still says
okay. This is a bit tricky.
Somehow you'll have to get it correct.
Okay. Uh input or copy this completely
sometimes.
Press tab also works. Input as text.
That should work.
Okay.
Why is it saying? Okay. Okay. Yeah, I
know. So, this is your input flow.
This is your workflow. Sorry. This is
your workflow. Yeah. So, make sure that
this is blue. Make sure that this is
blue. If it is not blue, it will show
you an error. Okay. So if it is blue,
then we are good to go. So this is the
value which stores the user query as of
now. And if I want, I can create a new
variable called as uh maybe
uh I can call this as uh customer query
maybe. Okay. So customer
query and what is the data type? Let
that be string for now. That's good
enough. Okay. And default value leave
it. So now I've got a global variable
for the customer query. Okay. We'll add
more or right now also you can add more.
So let's add one more
but that will not work as of now. So let
it be. So as of now your set state has
got only one variable which is the
customer cos
sorry
this is
spelling wise
not correct.
Uh this is very difficult to change.
This is what I have seen. Okay.
So
okay let it be okay if you want to
change it mean you'll have to completely
refresh and I don't know what not or let
me just delete this al together that
will help you let's see if there was a
spelling mistake sorry
you see it's still there okay so anyway
I'll just take it don't worry so this is
the uh variable uh which is a string
format you can see fine now that output
I I will give it to the sentiment
classifier. And now only one change that
I'll make here is
one change that I'll make here is this
is the sentiment and the customer query
is here. Okay. So what I'm going to do
is I'll just paste this last part. This
is the customer query. And how do I get
this? So click on the add context. Can
you see there is a add context. Okay. So
click on that. This is the add context.
So basically what I have done here is I
have pulled that variable from the state
agent state and passed it to this agent
for classification. That's it. Okay. So
this is the additional line which I
added just now. This prompt was already
there. I just added that here is the
query. Basically this is the query and
this query was pulled from your agent
state. So it says state dot customer
query. Clear. And just click save. And
this should work.
That would work. I'm 100% sure. Okay.
Now output of this okay will have to be
again in a proper structured format.
Okay. Remember that the output of this
has to be in a proper format. So for
that what I'm going to do is
what I'm going to do is
uh go to tools sorry go to output
and create JSON here and add schema.
So you can maybe type anything. Let's
call it as query sentiment.
Okay. So that is the name of the schema.
Why this I'll show you later because
this is the exact name we will be using
in langraph in the next session. Okay.
So this is the exact name of the uh
JSON. But in principle you can have any
name. It is just a name.
um
properties. Okay, I'll add one property
which is for the sentiment. Okay, so
sentiment
and this sentiment has to be uh in
enumerated. So enumerated means one of
the values. String means any value which
is a string. Number is any number
boolean is true false in means you have
to select one of the three. You have to
select one of the three. So I'll go to
enum and then uh this you if you want
you can add some description like uh
this will store the uh sentiment of the
customer
query whatever. Okay. And possible
values just type
positive comma. The moment you press
comma it will become a block like this.
neutral,
neutral l neutral and negative. Okay,
you can press space or comma. One of
these two will work. Now, let me just go
to the
oh sorry the langraph version of this
which is the coded version we are going
to create in the next session. Okay. Um
here
so reason to show you that is you will
see a lot of
similarities
because that same concept has to go into
the code. Okay, code cannot follow a
different concept. So this is the same
customer agent that I'm building in a no
code mode. Okay.
So it is just the drag and drop
convenience otherwise the logic is more
or less the same. Okay. So user
categorize sentiment and there is a
router based on this you'll create three
more agents. Okay. Which will uh you
know take the
uh which will uh access your knowledge
base and from there it will give you the
response. If the query is negative,
sentiment is negative, it will escalate
to human. Right? So that is the overall
thing which I have explained. So this
notebook I'm not going to share it right
now. We will do it later. But uh I'll
just show you
these are the states we are going to
create there also. We'll create some
states. So it's exactly so these are the
state variables. Okay. Imagine that
these are your state variables and
output schema. So this is the output
schema.
This is also output schema and this is
the final state. So my final state will
have at least these three. So if you
want you can actually
add it right away but we will do it one
by one. Okay, don't worry. We'll do it
one by one. So currently my state has my
customer support state. This is this
which state? This is the first state.
Okay, I'll just update for now. This is
the set state. So this guy has only one
customer query as of now which is this
one as a string. Okay, the other two
three we will add later. So don't worry.
Now these are my output schemas. Okay,
so this is the output schema for which
let me show you. So this sentiment query
sentiment is going to be used by my u
agent. So this is the whole prompt. I
just copy pasted that prompt and shared
it with you in the chat. It is exactly
the same prompt. I'm going to use it in
my code as well. Okay. So don't think
that these are going to be different. So
same prompt I have already shared which
is also going to be copy pasted. So if
you see it is going to fetch the value
from the customer query that is the
support state. So it is pulling the
customer query from the support state
and then feeding it to the prompt.
That's exactly what my agent is also
doing. It is feeding it is uh if you see
here
>> okay so this is the same prompt and this
value is coming from the state. Okay. So
this is exactly what it is here. And
then
uh I'm asking uh to do a uh you know LLM
call. This is our LLM call. But the
output of that LLM call is not a string.
I have clearly mentioned that. Okay. LLM
with structured output. So that's
exactly equivalent to doing this. That's
exactly equivalent to doing this. So I
am forcing the LLM output to be in a
specific format in this case the JSON
format and I'm providing the format of
that JSON. And what is that format of
the JSON? This is the query sentiment.
So this is the format I'm forcing. Okay.
So where is that format here? You can go
up and check. So this is the format.
Okay. In which you will have sorry this
is the format in which you will have
sentiment as the key. Sentiment as the
key. Now which is this sentiment here?
If I just go back, this is the sentiment
as the key. This is the sentiment as the
key. And the value will be one of these
three. The value will be one of these
three. And how did I enforce that in the
code? These are the three values.
Literal. Literal means inum. That's the
inum equivalent. So it has to be a value
selected by the model. One of these
three. So model will select one of these
three values. That's what you are
instructing the model very clearly.
Okay. So, assign a value to this key
which will be one of these three values
and this is the schema which I'm forcing
the model to follow. That's what you are
saying. I'm forcing the model to follow
this structured output format. That is
the schema that you have passed and then
you are invoking with the entire prompt
and you are retriving. So once this
once this is you know obtained you can
see your uh
model will return the sentiment value.
Okay. So let's go back and do the same
thing. I'll just hit update. So this
part is clear. This is the name of my
schema. This is the name of the key and
these are the three possible values. I
have added an optional description here.
Fine. I can add more number of
properties. Okay. So I'll update. So
this is how you force the agent to have
a structured output. So this is
sufficient for now. Okay. And uh if you
want you can end this and verify.
Okay. Let me go to
uh
agent mode here. I can verify this. So
uh this is sentiment right? So what are
your working hours?
Let's see.
So I get the sentiment as neutral and uh
you can see output parsed sentiment
value as neutral. So that is the
JSONized response I'm getting. I'm not
getting it as a string. I'm getting it
as a JSONized response here. Perfect. So
this works as of now. Definitely that
works. So this is what I wanted to see.
I'll go back delete this if it's aside.
And now the next thing that I want to
>> have here is taskad.
>> Okay. Um
okay.
H so out of this uh output of this sorry
can be saved in the state back. So I'm
just clicking on the state again. I'm
clicking on the state again. Okay.
And I will
have this state
attached to this. Okay. So in this
what I'm going to do is click the moment
you click here this popup comes up. If
everything is being done properly the
moment I click here this pop-up comes
up. I'll just select the sentiment. I
want to assign the sentiment. Okay.
Okay. So, is this correct? No, it's
still not correct. So, output
is a bit tricky. Sometimes it works.
assign the value
input dot output
to a global variable. So now I can add a
new variable here and that variable can
be
that output can be uh your new variable
name and this new variable name how do I
know what to put? So here it is
returning query sentiment. Okay. Now
this query sentiment can also be stored
in your global variable. So this is my
global variable agent state. Okay. So my
agent state can store the query category
query sentiment. Okay. So I'll use this
name. Okay. I'll use just this name. So
here is the name. Okay. And default
value I'll just save it. So let's see
why is this
red?
Let me check. Query sentiment.
Sentiment. Sentiment.
S E N T I M E N T. Right. This works.
You can go to the advanced mode and
verify.
Okay, this looks good.
Huh, this is perfect. So earlier this
was I don't know why this was red. Maybe
I had not assigned. So fine, this is
correct. So this is the value and I have
assigned it to this. Fine and looks
good. Now if I go to my agent state,
this looks good. Fine. So this is a new
variable that I have got here.
Uh so now I can attach my router.
Okay, I can attach my router here.
So router is attached here.
So what to do in that router? So this is
very important. So please focus here. So
if it is positive this is the
description okay not the actual value.
So positive or neutral that is the case
name the actual value is the condition
here. So it is based on the query
sentiment again. So this is what I want
to actually select. Okay it might come
in one or two trials. Okay. So if the
query sentiment is equal to okay so is
so there is a double equal sign. Okay.
So if it is equal to
positive
okay uh I'll just zoom or pipe this is a
vertical pipe vertical pipe means or
okay or
state dot you can also select one of
these so I'll again select the sentiment
didn't come
let's
yeah I got it and from here double
equals okay or if it is neutral
so make sure these are exactly the way
you have set it in the JSON schema okay
so I'm pulling the query sentiment from
the state I could have actually pulled
it from uh the output of the previous
agent also okay so output of the
previous agent is stored here
so if you go back let's say I'm trying
to add an so output of the previous
agent is stored here. So you can put
your condition on the output of the
previous agent or you can pull the
values from the agent state. Now my
agent state has got two global
variables. Okay. Eventually it will have
three. One is the query category also as
I have mentioned. Okay. So right now my
conditions are working on the agent
state not on the previous agents output.
But very
uh easily you can also do it on the
output of the previous agent block also.
So the previous agent blocks output is
accessible here. This is the one which
you want to use it. Okay. So now why is
it uh red?
What does it say? Expecting one of these
parenthesis is not
Okay.
According
to me, this looks good.
But why is it showing a problem? I don't
understand.
According to me, this looks good.
Double quotes are also there.
Let's see and the else part
here that we can
else means what the negative okay so in
the
output here I'll create another agent
okay now this agent will be wired to my
now this is still showing
Okay,
let's check if that is really a problem
because if that is still a problem
okay it will
see
so how do you see that go to the
evaluate mode once again type any
question okay What are your working
hours? Let's see.
Workflow failed. Okay.
Elgent
query state neutral. Okay. I think I
know the reason now.
Probably that state is not present here.
H. So what I'll do is here I have
already set the state but most likely
this state is not set up here. Uh that's
the reason. So what I'll do is I'll just
set up this agent state. So ideally all
these agent states should be you know
set up in the very first state here.
Okay. So for now
this I will delete. Okay. This
I will delete.
This also I'll delete. I keep other
things same. From here I'm going to add
one query sentiment
state
and output variable.
H this is already there. Okay, if it is
already there, we don't need to
let me see
this output.
>> I think people are saying you know that
you should remove the uh or you've got
yeah in the f if else you've got two
pipe at the end. Look, you've got pipe
at the end.
>> Oh. Oh, is that is the problem?
Sorry. Thank you. Thank you. Silly
mistakes. Yeah. Yeah. Correct. Correct.
That is the problem that those two
pipes.
Okay. Okay. Rest everything was okay. My
bad. And we can verify this. Okay. Um
working hours should work.
So wherever you want to verify just you
know map a end and uh if the workflow
ends properly so I've got a neutral and
if else also worked perfect. So this is
working. I'll just go back
uh delete this edge keep the end here
and here I will have one agent
for query classification or we already
have it right? So this agent I'll delete
and wire this one here.
H and here I will put one uh human
escalate agent you can say
kind of
so maybe you can put some
moment as the agent.
Okay.
So
answer
the
or you are a helpful
chat assistant for an AI
product
company.
Try to resolve the customer.
try to not resol respond
customer
very in polite
professional
tone that's it okay and if you want to
pass the query what I'll do is
uh again as usual I'll pull the query
from the context
and this is my customer query safe. So
that should work. And finally, this will
end the workflow. So I'll just connect
here. So this workflow ends here. Fine.
Other side here I have my classifier.
Double click. And only thing that
remains here is the query. So I'm just
going to add the query here from the
context. I'll just select the customer
query. So here is the query. That's it.
That's the only change that I have done.
The other change that I will do is uh
basically your uh output format. So can
you select the output format back as
JSON add a schema and again I will add
some name. So I'll try to stick to this
name query category. So this is my
output schema name.
Add a property. So I'll add a property.
So this is the property name categorized
topic. This is my categorized topic. And
what are the values? Technical, building
and general. Okay. So I'll just copy
this
and property as enum. Again it has to
select one of these three values. So
general,
technical and ble
and update. So
this stores the uh type
of query.
Okay. Update. So now this looks good to
me. Okay. The rest all the other things
you can skip.
What else remains again? So the output
of this I will store it back to the
agent state if you wanted or
let's create an agent state. Output of
this again gets updated to the agent
state.
So here again what we have is the
categorized topic and that categorized
topic has to be saved as another
variable name. book
query u u e r y category
right uh which is a string and save
that's it okay so now this guy stores
the query category also fine
finally if you want you can uh wire up
another end here and verify if this is
working till here okay Now the only
thing that remains is the router part.
Okay, let's verify if it is working till
here. So
how to retrieve
first invoices. Let's see.
So something bad has happened. It has
gone to escalation.
It is not coming as
sentiment is neutral. Okay.
So this is one problem I face every time
with the if else
that unless the routing is proper
it has gone to the else condition.
It is not because of negative. It is
because of it is not able to read the
sentiment as neutral. So
let's verify this
what is happening. Query state
redo this. So query sentiment
is equal to
want to see
it doesn't work then we will go back to
the output of the previous okay so that
should work
let's check this
This is still not working. Okay, so fall
back for now. This actually works. But
uh again
uh what we will do is
for simplicity.
Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm not able to see
the output of the previous
which is this query sentiment
because we have set the state right. So
that is not available directly.
has to be done this way only because I'm
not getting the output
state.
Oh, that is a problem. I probably might
have made some changes and deleted. You
see, I know the problem now. So, this
set state I'm assigning it to variable.
But you see what am I assigning that is
clear. Okay. So, that is the problem. So
here again output and send agent
uh this is what you have to assign input
do.output dotps sentiment. So that is
basically the output of the previous
agent which is this classifier agent. So
that is the output you want to assign it
to the query sentiment. So that output
assignment was not happening properly.
Now this should work.
Okay. The moment I changed here. Okay.
This also got changed. So now from here
uh state dot or I can also select it
from here. See this is now available.
Earlier this was not available because
we had not saved the state properly in
the previous case. So now I can actually
put the condition on this or I can put
the condition on this. Let's put the
condition on the state as we were doing
earlier.
So just to see that it was positive
stage
dot sentiment
comparison and neutral.
That's it. And uh from here nothing from
here.
Yeah. So let's do a final test.
Okay. So it indeed worked. Now you see
it has gone to the positive or neutral
side which was expected.
Okay. So this is neutral. This is
general and finally it has also set the
state properly. Correct. This also has
worked. No. So because we changed there
this has also changed. Okay. So we have
to assign the so see this is the problem
you have to be very careful. So
categorize topic. So if you change any
of the previous states the future states
will
go uh
yeah so I changed the previous state and
all the future states became a bit
disaligned. So I have to change it back.
So here again make sure that the
categorized topic is set to the query
category. That works now. So till here
it all works. So I'll just delete this.
Keep this end. Now I can have three more
agents.
Okay. Um
so here the one last if else.
Let's connect this last. This will be
the final router. Okay.
So this router will be based on the
query category. Okay.
So this will be your what are the names
that I'm going to provide. Let's say
billing agent
that is based on the category.
Okay.
Equal to billing.
Fine.
Add
Technical Agent that is the name you are
providing that is again based on the
query category equal to
technical
and then you can say general agent
based on the query category equal to
general. Okay, fine. Or if you want to
be on safer side, uh don't create a
general agent. Okay. Uh wire the else to
the general agent. So that also can be
done. Fine. So I've got these three.
I'll create three instances of the
agents. Okay. So one for the billing
agent, one for the technical agent, and
one for the general agent. So these are
the three agents that I've got. I'll put
the names here.
We'll name support agent.
This will be technical support agent.
And this will be my general support
agent. We'll take a break. Now after the
break, we'll attach the rag system onto
this because till here everything is
fine. Nothing is new. Okay. And the
output of all these three agents will be
ending. So basically here I can wire all
these three. So basically any of these
agents reply the entire workflow ends.
Any of these three agent replies the
workflow ends. That's what we are
saying. And here now we are going to add
tools.
Okay. And this tool here will be a file
search tool. So that we will take after
a quick break. Okay. So for now uh let
me see if there are questions. So this
is what we have created just now.
So one learning is of course agent state
is very powerful but if you change
previous states make sure that all the
future states are still working
otherwise the workflow will break. So
that is one catch.
Okay.
Fine.
I think no question is there. Why the
else is not ending? Else is
else. Which else? This else? Huh? So
nothing can end on its own. Okay. So if
you want to wire the L end also to this
that can also be done. I mean in this
case that can also be done. Okay.
So if it goes to the else directly end
that can also be done.
Okay. So you can export as a code. I'll
show you or you can export this as a
workfl. There are two options. Okay. So
you can export this workflow as a
workflow or you can export this as a
code. Can you see there is a code. Okay.
Agents SDK. So this is the entire code
or you can export it as a
workflow ID in agent kit.
Okay.
Take a break for 10 minutes and uh
we'll come
Uh okay.
So we are back.
Uh Venor is asking uh that future state
not nullified. Maybe it can get broken.
I mean that's what I have seen. bit
tricky but we have to be sure just to
check that is a problem with the visual
workflows because everything is
connected back to back code will not
break if you change a previous code the
future codes cannot get deleted on their
own but uh now these are the nuances of
this platform
uh there was one more question uh can I
import into agent builder. Answer is no.
You can export it as a code. You can run
that code on uh any machine.
>> Okay. You can copy this, open a collab
and run this.
That might work. Uh of course you'll
have to also change it to Python. Yeah.
So this is how you would be doing it. So
copy this. That should work in Python.
But reproducing this entire workflow
into your account is not possible.
If that is what you are asking within
the same organization, it is possible to
give access uh to this account within
the same organization.
In that case, they will be able to
access the agent that you are creating.
But out of the organization or
altogether completely different OpenAI
account will not work.
So if you take the code short of the
yeah that's going to work exactly this
way. So there is no
doubt on that. Okay.
Okay. So finally then we are almost in
the last part here. Let's finish. So I
have got my billing support agent. Okay.
Let's start putting the prompts.
So this is the billing support agent.
Okay,
this is for the
and uh here I put the user customer
query. Save.
Okay. For technical,
this is the technical.
So
then we have the general
So one more thing if you just
see
let's take one of this. Okay,
this has uh if you read the prompt, it
says use the file search tool
means we'll have to use external tools
now to retrieve the internal policy
documents to enrich your response and
then based on that clear. So rest part
of it is more or less similar.
Okay, the first
part is the important.
Okay. So, use the file search tool. So,
where is that tool? So, here is the list
of tools.
Okay. And here is your file search. So,
click on that file search. Uh you can
attach it here. What I would normally
suggest is
don't do it this way. Okay. Uh go to
your
go to your
platform.opi.com. openi.com.
Okay.
And uh
sorry, go to
file search.
File search and retrieval.
File search.
Okay,
this is the code if you want to use but
we are looking for the
Is that gone?
Learn more.
Vector store right
semantic search vector stores
file search tool
back to the same
all the
files. Upload file. Upload file.
Upload file. Yes.
Vector store. Create a vector store.
There is a
Yeah, this is where from here we wanted
to go into
the agent builder calling this
assistance
storage.
Please bookmark this.
Okay. So, how did I get?
Everyone leave whatever you are doing.
Listen to me carefully.
First, go to your dashboard.
Second, select the storage.
Third, make sure you are in the same
project in which you want to access your
agent or connect your agent. So what we
are going to do is we will upload this
file. Which file? There is a JSON file
which I'm going to share with you. Okay.
There's a JSON file which is needed by
this project. Okay. I'll share that JSON
file
that has uh answers to these questions.
I think this one L for
I'm just sharing that on the chat.
Download this.
Okay. So there is a file
just show you. I'm opening this in uh
Notepad++. You can see
category is there. Category is there.
Okay. And some
questions and their answers are there.
Okay.
So this is like a database of questions
that I have received based on the
previous
question answers that has been chat you
know asked on this platform. Okay. So
normally any platform or website would
already have this kind of a information.
Okay. This is imagine your historical
most frequently asked questions at least
you can say. Okay. So I've got uh a list
of most frequently asked questions and
their respective answers. So question
answer as a text and then metadata
whether it is a technical or a billing
query. Okay. So this category we are not
using in this project right now but this
we will be using in our langraph project
in the code part. Right now we are not
going to use the category part. We are
only going to search for this part.
Fine. So that is what is happening. So
I've shared that file. I'm going to
upload that file. I think I've already
done it but I'll just delete it or maybe
I'll create another vector store. Okay.
So first on the vector store side create
a vector store.
Uh on the top right there is a create
button. So create a new vector store. So
let's call it as customer
support.
I'll call it as version two. Okay. So
that is the vector store I have created.
I've got a vector store ID that we are
going to use. And now we will be
uploading adding some files. Okay. So
from here now add files. Upload
uh
support.
What was the name? Router. Okay.
Router agent documents.
You can add more number of documents. No
doubt. Attach. There are advanced
options. You can customize the chunk
size, chunk overlap, all these things.
If you want to you can decrease it.
Let's say I'll decrease it to 300 and uh
chunk overlap to 50 or maybe 70 whatever
number you want. Okay, that you can do.
So 70 tokens as chunk overlap and 300
tokens as chunk size. Fine. Let's attach
this
invari URL used by
something.
Let's refresh.
Okay. So, I've got the file
unexpected URL
create an assistant. No, this we will
not create. Just leave it. I think this
will still work. It's probably because
no assistant was created. That's the
reason I'm getting it. But that's okay.
I think we are good till here. So create
a vector store. Step number one. Okay.
Create a vector store.
This is the direct link to the vector
stores page. If you're logged in, you
should be able to get to that. And you
can add multiple files to that vector
store. Okay. It's like a vector database
which is managed by OpenAI. You are
uploading all the documents. They will
do the chunking, splitting, embedding,
everything, indexing, everything. Okay.
All the document search, retrieval will
be handled by OpenAI. You just upload
the documents. That's a managed vector
database, managed service, managed
track. That's it. I will just copy the
vector store ID and come back to my
agent builder. Okay, this is my agent
builder. Now here
in the billing support
in the tools I will add file search and
add existing vector store. So rather
than uploading it here, I would upload
it externally. Create a vector store
properly and then attach the existing
vector store. So this is a better way.
Okay, this is very neat and clean. Okay,
so I'm just attaching my vector store
which I created in the other tab. Okay,
that's it. It is that simple. Same
process I'll repeat for the other for
technical support agent. Again I'm going
to tools again going to file search
going to uh attach existing custom
support version two. Select. Go to the
general.
Go to the tools. Go to file search. Go
to attach. Go to select and select.
That's it. That's it. I think this
should be good. Okay. And we can verify
this if it works. So maybe I'll take one
or two questions from here only. Uh do
you offer any discounts on annual
subscription? Let's see. I'm just going
to check. Okay. So this looks good as of
now. Let's run this agent and see.
So it goes to billing. Do you offer any
discounts? Yes, annual subscriptions are
discounted. We offer 10% discount when
you choose annual billing. Now is that
correct? Yes, we offer 10% discount on
annual billing subscription compared to
monthly billing. You can select this
option during checkout. Perfect. That
makes sense. And you can select this
annual during check out. Very good. So
it works definitely. Okay. Maybe we can
just if you want another example. Um you
see what are your working hours? That is
how it was able to reply 9 to6. Do you
provide training for your AI products?
Let's check this question.
So in principle this doesn't have to be
in a JSONized format. This can be any
PDF document. Only problem with a PDF
document is parsing has to be proper,
chunking, retrieval, all those things
have to be proper.
But yeah, in principle, this is how it
would work. You can
attach any other document.
It should be able to answer. Okay.
So, looks good. You can see
in this case it has gone to with state
general and uh
general if else end
general support
agent
right fine so this works no doubt this
works okay
so uh what I'll do is just save this
rename
So today's class is uh web 012026.
Okay. Customer support agent. Customer
support
agent. Okay. Version one. And now I'll
create a slightly different version of
this in which I'll make it less
complicated. So what I'm going to do is
duplicate this
by a version two name. Okay. But before
that before that let's publish it. So
once you publish it it will go in the
live mode. Okay.
Then you'll get a workflow ID which you
can use along with chatkit. Chatkit is
nothing but a package. You'll have to
install it using npm. Okay. In the front
end. front end is like your your chat
interface. So chatkit will create that
chat interface automatically. You don't
have to hardcode that chat interface.
Okay. And all you have to do is just
provide the workflow ID. That's it.
Okay, that's one uh thing. And
you can add your domains where you want
to install your chart kit. So that is
also possible from here. Or if you want
to
replicate this entire workflow using
Python code. So here is your Python
code. Okay, you are providing the vector
store ID. So you don't have to upload
because you are directly referencing the
vector store ID. It will still be able
to answer all the queries. Okay, exactly
as it is.
Fine. So that's it. So now let's
duplicate this and I'll create a version
two. And I'll make this workflow a bit
uh smarter I would say. Okay. So right
now it says copy off. So rename
delete that copy off. Okay. Now this
looks good.
Okay. Uh, how much does it cost to build
a document classification agent? Zero.
Uh, what vector database it uses?
OpenAI's proprietary vector database.
If you want to use it on EC2, you'll
have to
use the open search
vector database of AWS
or if you want to use the same vector
database that is also fine. So the
choice is yours how you want to do it.
Okay. So both the options are there.
So
this
version one
was two. Okay. I think the file name
itself is too long.
Can we use this in collab? That's the
exact purpose shant.
So answer is yes. That is the exact
reason. It is exporting your Python
code.
Okay. Because there is no other way to
export it as JSON uh as you normally
would expect in any 10. This does not
export this workflow as a JSON file.
Okay. So the only way to replicate this
in your environment in your account is
that Python code. But you still will not
be able to get this workflow
unless I add your account into my
account and provide you that access to
the same project. Okay, access has to be
provided for the project. So first I
have to both are signed within the same
organization and then second step is I
provide access to my project and then
you will have access to this agent. So
it goes in these three levels
to share this workflow that is not
possible provin that's exactly what I
was explaining okay so the only way to
share this is
repeated several times you share the
workflow ID
with your dev team which can be hosted
anywhere
or use the agent SDK share the Python
code. They'll be able to replicate it
but still cannot get this. This is
noneditable. So don't think that if we
copy paste the code here it will
generate the workflow. Workflow has to
be generated. I mean manually only.
There is no way we can export the
workflow as of now. That's what I have
not been able to.
Yeah, these are additional environment
variables. Okay. Right now it is
directly using my openi API key. So
there's nothing else needed. Okay. So
what variation I will do in this uh
maybe what we can do is can we
combine the classifier agent and the
sentiment classifier agent together. Uh
that can be done. So in that case
this agent flow will become a bit
shorter. Okay. So let's try doing that.
I'll just
delete this.
Uh, okay. I have a prompt, a combined
prompt. Hopefully, I can show you that.
So, this is the combined prompt. Okay.
So, I'll share this document with you.
Don't worry.
So, this is the combined prompt.
So, I'm just going to combine both the
agents. Okay. So this is a single agent
in which
I'm going to combine both the parts.
Delete
context customer query.
Uh oh that was already there.
Okay. So query 20 queries.
Next.
Fine.
So, act as customer support agent trying
your best to categorize the customer's
query and sentiment. So, I'm going to
combine both. Okay. So, you are an agent
for AI products and hardware company.
Please read and you have to reply in one
of these three. And then again here same
same what the technical queries mean
what the channel queries mean what the
billing queries mean and then this is
for the sentiment part so I'm combining
both the parts so which means I'll also
have to combine the schema okay so
yeah so delete this just to avoid
confusion
And I'll simply say classification
agenda. Okay.
So this is clear. Now go to the schema
here.
Add one more property and let's call it
as
uh you can say this as query
classification
and one more property as what uh
category.
Okay. Here also you can select enum and
then from here you can select building
uh technical
and then general. Okay
update.
So now I've got both in this JSON
format. I have got both. Okay. So this
and this.
So let's see.
So back to the agent state. Uh customer
query will be added to the agent state.
That part is good. And then you'll have
to
H. So here setting the states. Let's
store this. So input sentiment.
Okay. Input sentiment uh
will be stored
in the sentiment. add
input category will be added to category
you see and those are the values I'm
going to use later okay so just make
sure this works so
very yeah so my global variable already
had that so this is still not going to
change this is the escalation part this
is still going to be the same
and now I can
combine name now this is not needed
again because I have already done that
if else now output of this can be given
to this
okay so now if it is positive or neutral
then I'm going to classify my
uh sorry yeah classify the final uh
response based on the
so let's see how this goes query state
billing query state technical So rest
all things remain the same. It's just
that those two agent were combined and
instead of having two different agents
okay replying
in two different steps I have that reply
in the same step
right and here is my agent detectively
okay so that's the entire workflow now
this is much smaller and smarter Okay.
Uh let's see if that works.
>> So what are your working hours?
So the only difference that I wanted to
show is in the JSON format you can have
multiple fields and once you have
multiple fields rest all mapping and
everything is still the same. Okay.
So here is my
JSON file.
So customer support agent
prompts.
Okay,
I'll just share this prompts.
Okay, you can download this set of
prompts and that works very well. That
works. Done. There is no error. It
works.
In the version two, the main enhancement
was the number of times I'm setting up
the state was decreased and the same
classifier agent. Now only catch here is
if the classific see the single agent is
doing two classifications. So your
prompt has to be robust and it may
happen that since the same agent is
doing two types of persona one persona
for billing technical in general other
persona is for the sentiment. So it may
happen
that either the sentiment might get
confused one odd time or this might get
confused one time. So that is the uh
catch here. Okay, that is the catch
here. So to to get rid of that I would
suggest is increase the reasoning effort
to medium or high. If you increase the
reasoning effort then the chances that
this will get confused will be much
less. So that is a catch here. Okay.
Because the same agent is doing two
classifications back to back. Okay. In
the same prompt two classifications. So
that is the main difference and that is
the uh you know yes.
So just in case uh I'm just also sharing
this
uh JSON. So if you now this good thing
is this JSON here is editable. So in
case you are not able to replicate this,
you can just copy paste this. Okay,
delete everything and copy paste this
and you will still be able to get this.
Okay, so this is the good thing. Let me
also share the schema for
so this is the JSON schema for the
structured output and uh from here also
you can actually create this okay so
let's see if there are any questions
so basically instead of agents we are
using prompt engineering agent is prompt
engineering behind the scenes and
context engineering
agent has to be assigned task it has to
be assigned role it has to be assigned
instructions it has to be assigned and
the list of tools and that's exactly all
the things in the prompts.
Okay, everything. So context and the
prompt and the brain and the tool these
are the four things which are needed to
make it as agent. So agent is a wrapper
over these four things prompt
lm
context okay and your tools.
So context will come from memory. So if
you want to attach the fifth element
that is your memory your persistent
memory okay from the previous
conversations and all that if you want
to attach context is the current
conversation that we are having that is
called as the context the current
conversation and memory means the
previous conversations anything okay so
that you can attach as a memory okay so
these five things wrapped is a a
debugging can be done from your
evaluation mode that's what I dugging
from me. Uh this will be your evaluation
but evaluation mode it will go only once
you publish it. So once you publish this
uh draft to new version. Yes. So once it
has been published the only way to debug
this is your evaluate. Okay. So once you
run this it will go in the evaluate mode
already. Okay. So you can also check
your state variables. Okay.
So
that's the best way
and here if you go to more you have
already checked on everything right
continue on error so if the LLM or any
any place there is an error it will
break so don't don't do this otherwise
it will make debugging even more
difficult write to conversation history
so follow-up questions can be asked so
the only way you can do the debugging is
uh by asking questions and observing
this outputs This is much more user
friendly and if you want to see more
technical evaluation then go to your so
what are your working hours okay
if you want to get into more technical
so you can see this is going into the
general agent and the general agent has
replied here so this is the workflow you
have seen so it's perfectly working
right this perfectly working so this is
one way you can uh debug you can see the
reasoning for each step whatever has
been used or you can go to the evaluate
and now you can see the traces
okay so you can see the trace
what went wrong or not okay
in this whole workflow we have to
segregate LLM versus brain lm is the
brain there is no versus I mean LLM is
the brain could be a repeat question but
once we create how do we share this with
the team if the multiple access needs to
be given
so there is no way you can share this
unless your team has access to your own
open AAI account
so in this case you'll have to change
your organization
okay so your organization right now
let's say is Prashant Sahu your team has
to have be a part of this organization.
Okay, your team has to be a part of this
organization. So if you go to dashboard
uh there is a way to check the
think.
Yeah. So overview
uh go to your settings
and from there you can go to people and
from there you can add
more people to this account. So once you
have added people to this account okay
then for those people uh then go to this
project and then two steps. First you
have to go to this settings people
settings. Okay.
So this is for the people again and
there will be again
projects people. So this is the people
for the account
and there is a people for this project
also people and permissions. You can
also give the invitations add member
this and that assign groups roles. So
please read the documentation that has
nothing to do with the agents. So beyond
this point I would suggest you to ask
charge GPT for each of the steps. But
what I have normally done to add people
in my organization organization is
since I have the root access
to my organization's open AI account I
normally provide one or two people just
more access not many so how do you give
that access add as the member so you'll
have to uh you know name your
organization that has to be verified and
then you have to send an invitation and
once they have been once they of uh you
know uh you can also assign roles as a
owner or as a so right now I'm the
account owner you can see this is the
role account owner or you can also
assign it as a administrator okay or a
reader so these are the three options
basically so reader will have only
readonly access will not be able to
create projects or create tokens
administrator will be able to do
everything uh will not be able to make
destructive changes okay and owner is
anyway able It's like a super admin.
Fine. So once you add people then you'll
have to add those people to specific
projects and those specific people can
be given access to your uh agents that
you have created. So they will be
actually able to see this visually
whatever agent that we are creating only
those people. For others you have to
export it as a code. There is no other
way.
So you want to create agents with
hugging face model. How can we do it? Uh
Lang graph
or you do it by using COI
or autogen.
So these are the another frameworks or
even lang. Let's go to lang chain. We
already have half an hour. Okay. So all
these other agents using other models
can be done using these four other
frameworks. So in this course we'll be
doing lang chain today and then we'll do
langraph next week. Uh two weeks we will
take almost three to four sessions we'll
build seven to eight agents in langraph.
Okay. all from basics till advanced
agents and we'll take one session on CRU
AI agents
yeah multi-agent system using CUI so
these are the three top three frameworks
we can discuss okay
Dun.
I will share the link.
Uh okay there is one question by K3. You
are going to cover this integrate into a
UI. Yes but that is at the deployment
stage.
Uh that probably will take in the third
week deployment. Okay.
So by that time we would have seen how
to build around 8 10 agents. Okay, but
without a UI. Every time we'll be
interacting the with these agents using
the Python code only in Google Collab.
So Collab is what we'll be using to
create these agents,
right? UI part we'll see in the
deployment
who deploys them for using the
engineering team typically the
engineering team. Okay, that's what
exactly also happens in our
organization. We don't have access to
the dev server and the prod server. We
only have access to a test server. So
our main AWS account has got three
different sub accounts. Okay. So all
these things are tested in your um
in a server which is given to the
developers.
From there it goes to the dev server
where we
not we in fact the engineering team will
orchestrate the same agent or whatever
application you have created and watch
it for a month or two see all the
nuances errors everything and then it
goes to the prod server where it is
actually deployed on the website. Okay.
So it goes in three stages. development
goes in local then first deployment
happens on a test server okay that
deployment I will be doing it and
testing that okay if I just deploy it uh
if that is working but again there I'm
not concerned about the UI I'm only
concerned about my code working in all
the edge cases once I'm satisfied I'll
give all that code base as a zip file or
upload it to GitHub branch whatever ever
it is to my engineering team. They will
pull it and do the staging in a dev
server. Okay. Using all the requirement
txt file this and that and they will
watch it for another couple of months.
Okay. Using all the edge cases. It's
like internal deployment. So it's
actually deployed only for internal use.
External people cannot use it. Okay. So
internally we have a lot of people who
will do all the testing rigorously. All
the problems they are you know given
back to the uh engineering team. There
is a ticket raised Jira ticket raised
they will resolve anything and once
everything is sorted there is no
production challenges happening. Then
the application moves to the actual
production server where it is actually
deployed on the company's website which
is visible or accessible to everyone.
So that that is how typically it goes in
real
companies
consult classification t would not
really need perfect you're absolutely
correct you can replace those with uh
normal ML model also
or even b models yes don't even have to
use b models because b model cannot be
directly used they have to be fine-tuned
so you can use normally a machine
learning
which has been trained on uh these
tasks. Okay. So
uh so if designing the system should we
go straight with agentic flow as we have
discussed today is there. So basically
thing is if you want reasoning okay if
the uh if the customer query is vague
then your ML model will struggle.
If the query is vague, mispronounced,
misspelled,
okay, your ML model will not be able to
handle those things. Simple,
right? So, LLM, the only reason we are
using LLM is its entire universe of
knowledge, of the grammar, of the
English, of the spellings, misspellings,
possibilities and most important
reasoning. ML model cannot reason. But
model cannot reason.
Okay. So reasoning capability is
something which really makes the agent
capable. So decide that if your task is
very straightforward, you don't expect
any nuances, replace that with ML model,
zero cost, no API.
But if you think that the customer's
query because it's the customerf facing
agent you are you have created, right?
The first agent is directly taking the
query from the customer. So customer can
give any crap, any crap and your ML
model will be you know wondering and
pondering what do I do with that crap.
So that is the problem.
So combining the two agents will mean
only one API call. Absolutely correct in
that's the main takeaway of the second
version. Absolutely correct. Right. So
just make sure that your agent is uh
having a robust prompt so that it can
you know quickly switch from one persona
to another persona because one persona
is doing query classification another
persona is doing sentiment analysis. So
your prompt has to be a bit robust
enough otherwise if things are
straightforward like this query
classification sentiment no big deal for
these kind of you know reasoning models
no big deal. So 99.99%
cases you can very safely assume that a
single API call can actually do the job.
So reason I did it in two steps is
first I wanted to make a simpler version
of it and then wanted to show by
combining how you can optimize your
system. Number one that was the takeaway
optimizing it for less number of API
calls. Number two, you can ask the same
agent to do multiple task. That was the
second thing. And third, how do you
change the output schema to have
multiple output variables?
And if that change is made, where all
changes or what all changes you'll have
to make in the agent state. Okay, so
that was the third takeaway from the
second version.
If my organization have their own LLM,
will it follow the same steps? Your own
LLM
logically? Yes. But then u you'll have
to orchestrate it using lang chain,
langraph and so on. So I mean I don't
know how do you bring your
organization's LLM here. Let me repeat.
I don't know how will you bring your
organization's LLM into OpenAI agent
builder kit that is a specific word
because your agent builder kit only
supports OpenAI models
also one can create two if else boxes
back to back and there will be no issue.
Yes, there is no issue. That's what I
did. Why should there be any issue?
See, if everything is logically correct,
it should be fine to the agent. Okay.
Fine. So, lang chain I think everyone
already knows because we have done
enough number of prompt engineering
examples from there. So, uh I'm directly
moving on to the hands-on part here.
Okay. So main thing that we are going to
learn here is how do I create a simple
agent which can call tools right simple
agent which can call tools. So that's
what I'm calling it as a tool calling
agents with lang chain. So what tool it
could be weather search it could be uh
web search it could be anything else
calculator tool right we will be
creating custom tools functions that's
what I was telling you an hour ago
I will be writing special functions and
wrapping them as tools right
okay so introduction welcome to this
beginner friendly on autonomous agents
we'll explore agent take AI okay end of
this tutorial you'll agent what AI
agents can do. I mean these all we have
been discussing langchain pre-built
tools. So it's not act technically
langchain pre-built tools but it is the
some of the tools which langchain
supports within it uh within its package
out of the box like Wikipedia tool web
search it supports directly okay they
are not created directly by langchain
they are being supported by lang that's
the correct way to
interpret this and then if you want you
can create your own tool from scratch
that's what I said you will write down a
function wrap it as a tool and provide
that to the lm
You'll be able to build agents that can
make decisions and also take actions and
combine multiple tools to solve complex
problem. Limitations of the standard LLM
you can see knowledge cutff cannot take
actions. Llms is just thinking process
give some input. It will think reason
and give you some output. Okay. So
knowledge cutff is there. That's the
reason we needed the rag system. It
cannot actually execute actions. It
cannot fetch weather for you. So it
cannot fetch the web search results for
you unless it has access to those tools
right they can write code but they
cannot execute the code okay and they
are still prone to hallucinations so
that is where we are talking about agent
AI they can access real-time data by
using web search Wikipedia search they
can perform calculations that's what we
are going to create a calculator tool
and attach
>> and then they will actually execute the
calculator tool exec executing the web
search tool, executing the Wikipedia
tool and then finally automous decision
making is happening via reasoning.
Anyway,
so LLM will act as a brain and tools
will be the hands. So that's what so
these are the three big uh tools that we
are going to take in this
calculator, web search and uh API.
Okay.
>> So the loop what is this react? So
basically it's a loop of reasoning and
action. So what does it mean? The user
query will go to the I think there is a
diagram. Okay.
Yeah itself. Okay. So user is asking
whether what is the weather in Mumbai.
Now the agent which is basically your
LLM will take that query and then uh it
will go in the reasoning step or
thinking step. So I need to check the
current weather data and for that it
will actually find that okay now I have
access to weather API.
So once it has been able to find that it
has access to weather API it will call
the weather API tool and the query will
be Mumbai because it was able to you
know extract that Mumbai is the name of
the city out of this statement it was
able to know that Mumbai is the name of
the city for which the user is asking
the weather. So the input is populated
the tool is executed. This is the output
returned by the tool execution. Now
observation means the output returned by
the tool execution is given back to the
LLM
for observation. That boss here is the
output of the tool execution. You can
observe it and see if this is sufficient
to answer the user query. If this is
sufficient then answer the user query.
So that is a loop. Basically if the
output of the tool execution is not
sufficient it may want to use another
tool or it may want to call the same
tool with a different query. So that is
the reason the looping starts. Okay. So
the output of this goes back to the LLM
for reasoning that do I have all the
information? If yes then it will respond
to the user and the conversation is
ended. If not then can I use another
tool to search for the remaining
information or the relevant information
or should I use the same tool with a
different query. So all that reasoning
will start if the output coming from the
tool execution is not sufficient
and that's why we are talking about the
loop reasoning and action. Some of the
use cases are there like customer
support. Uh we have just now seen agent
which can authenticate the user looks up
for specific order status in the SQL
database. So let's say I logged in into
some e-commerce platform and simply I'm
asking what is the status of my order
number 1 2 3 4.
Now it will see that okay I've got
access to a SQL database orders database
that is orders DB and then it will fetch
the you know relevant information and if
I'm asking for a refund return whatever
it can it will be able to process that
financial search personal concage and
data analysis you can just read through
I think this is all quite
self-explanatory
okay you will need your openi keys and
uh let's start
working on this.
So three things that we'll be
installing. One is the lang chain that
is the main framework for accessing all
the models, chains, memory. Okay. Uh all
the agent core comes from your lang
chain. Okay. OpenAI this is your wrapper
for openi langchain wrapper. And um this
is langin community that will be a
collection of community tools
uh for extended functionality like uh
vector data database or chunking
um splitters document loaders. So many
will be coming from here.
Okay. So let's see if this works.
So we are also installing Wikipedia mark
uh mark it down
and rich. So this is to access
Wikipedia. This is to convert the web
content into markdown format and this is
another tool to print the JSON format in
a nice format. Okay. So this is also
done.
API keys again please go to these three
websites and get your API keys. I have
already got them. So I have already
added this tely API key weather API key.
So Tei is here.
Okay, let me run this.
Yeah, grant access.
So Tele and weather API key. I already
have them.
So just going to ask me one by one. So
these are the links. So you do it later.
Okay.
Okay. You can see table API key, weather
API key and opening. So these are the
three keys that are needed for this
hands-on. Okay. So tools we have seen. I
don't need to repeat this. Okay. Uh now
we are going to use a Wikipedia tool in
which we'll give some query. that query
will be searched into Wikipedia and
pages Wikipedia pages will be retrieved.
Simple.
So these are the three steps. You will
provide the search query that tool will
search the Wikipedia and it will you
know retrieve the relevant article
summaries. Okay. So how many results you
want to retrieve that you can customize
it here. Okay. And document content
characters max. So for each
article which has been retraded by
Wikipedia tool. Okay. So we have said
that I'll retra the top three based on a
user query. For each article I'm setting
a limit of 300 sorry 8 8,000 characters
per article. That prevents overwhelming
the LLM uh with too much text and
context and also lowers your
token count. Okay. So that's the thing.
Uh now let's configure the tool. So here
this is the wrapper coming from your
lang community tools okay on Wikipedia.
So here you have configured your wrapper
and now you are going to run that
wrapper. Okay. So provide the API
wrapper and lxml is the format or the
parser used for better HTML parsing. So
you don't need to change any of these
except you might need to change the
number of articles from three to five if
you want more number of articles to be
retrieved or if you want you can change
this number maybe 8,000 to 10,000 15,000
if you want the complete article. So
these are the only things you need to
change. You don't need to change this.
We have figured out that these things
work the hard way
and uh yeah this works. Now let's check
this. So I'm just
printing uh this tool here works tool
description. So basically this is a tool
description which will be used to uh so
where did we set that tool description.
So this tool description automatically
comes when you import that tool. Okay. A
wrapper around Wikipedia useful when you
So this this has not been set anywhere
explicitly. You can see. Okay. So, tool
name and the tool description was
automatically populated by the wrapper.
Remember that. So, this Wikipedia tool
is a wrapper coming from Wikipedia tool
uh sorry query run. Okay. So, this is
automatically populated. Okay. The tool
name Wikipedia and the description this
is automatically coming. This has been
hardcoded you can say. Okay.
So, let's see if this is working. Okay.
So, tool description. Yeah, this we have
seen. So what all arguments this tool
expects? So it needs uh the query
uh type as a string and that is the
title. So this is the
uh query it needs. Okay, you can see the
query the value of the query which is
nothing but the title of the web page.
Okay, that you want to query as a
string. So this is the only this is the
only
input the tool needs. That is the only
input the tool needs.
Okay. So searching for articles on ISRO.
Okay. Now you can see this is just for
formatting. Okay. So I'm invoking the
Wikipedia tool directly. Right now there
is no agent or LLM. I'm just checking if
my tool is directly working. directly
working without the agent without the
LLM. That's what we are doing. So,
searching for ISRO as the keyword and
this is the page on Isra that I got
retrieved. This is the page on Gaganyan.
This is a page on chairperson of ISRO.
So, top three pages and the first 8,000
characters is what I have got.
Perfect. So, I think my Wikipedia tool
works. Okay. You can make another uh
search here. I'm searching for make in
India. So
one page is directly there with the name
as make in India. Second is India and
third is
okay. So customizing the Wikipedia tool.
Um
here uh let's say if you remember I had
said the name
this tool name and description this tool
name and description was automatically
populated. this tool name and
description was automatically populated
because that is hardcoded. If you want
to change those then you use the tool
class. That's what we are doing here.
Okay. So you import the generic tool
class.
Okay. I'm creating the importing the
generic tool class and then I'm creating
a tool called as Wikipedia. This is the
name that I'm providing. This is the
description I'm providing. So here I am
creating the tool. Earlier we had
directly imported the tool. You see that
is the basic difference. There was a
pre-existing tool that we used and now
here I'm creating the tooling on my own.
Okay.
And then this is the function to call
basically wiki. So I don't have to
recreate the entire function I'm just
saying that whenever this tool is being
called called as custom wiki tool you
just execute that wrapper. Okay. So this
way I can have a wrapper over another
wrapper. So the first wrapper is this
wiki API wrapper. This is a wrapper over
Wikipedia tool. Langchain wrapper for
Wikipedia tool. Let me repeat the third
time. This is the langen wrapper over
Wikipedia tool. And now I'm wrapping
that wrapper by using the tool class and
calling that as custom wiki tool. So
this custom wiki tool is a wrapper over
the existing wiki wrapper.
This time when I'm wrapping it, I'm
changing the name and the tool
description. So what is happening? The
name gets overwritten and the
description also gets overwritten. The
functionality is still the same. That's
why I have said don't change the
functionality. It's just the name and
description. I'll be changing from my
side. So now when you execute this,
you'll get the custom names and uh
argument is the tool input in this case.
Okay?
And that will be a type of string. So
let's test this.
Yeah. So again, generative AI
was the tool input. So generative AI,
generative AI intelligence, AI boom. So
these are the
results that I have got and then tely
search. Okay. So along with Wikipedia,
there is a normal web search also.
Normal web search. Okay.
So, Telei is a web search tool like for
example this there are a lot of web
search tools okay uh which are optimized
for LLMs. So for example, DuckDuck Go
also has a tool.
Google has a tool. There are serp tools.
SERP that is search engine results page.
Serper tools are also available. Now
Tele is not a serer tool. It will not
give you the search engine page. So what
is a serpenter tool? If you just search
for let's say cloudbot which is
so this page that you see here from here
this is called as the SER page. SEP
search engine results page. This is your
search engine results page. So a tool
which retrieves this kind of a page is
called as a serper tool that is also
doing a search and the objective of the
serper tool is to retrive these pages
uh this this page. But the actual web
search tool will go one way inside one
level down. So it not only acts as a
serer tool but also will click on this
link. It will actually click on this
link and read this content of the entire
web page, summarize that content of the
entire web page and then return it to
you. And that is what Tavly does. There
is another one which is being used by
cloud bot. Uh the cloudbots internal uh
default web search engine is Brave API.
Brave
API search. So you can also check for
this Brave API. Brave search API. So
this is a competitor to tei you can say
both are doing the same thing
enterpriseg grade web search API
accessing 35 billion uh indexed pages
specialized endpoints to train model
same thing is what table is doing okay
so they will not only search but also
retrive the contents of that page
summarize it and make it useful for the
agents so you can customize whether you
want the raw content you want the
summarized content or you want the
actual content in a markdown format
because each HTML page will also have
headings, subheadings, paragraph and
topics. Right? So you can customize
these tools how you want to retrive or
in what format you want to retrive the
outputs. Okay?
So this is what Telei is search engine
optimized specifically for LLMs and RAG.
And unlike other regular search engines,
Telei will return a clean structured
result, provide more relevant context,
provide a full page content, not just
snippets, but also offer advanced search
options. So again, that is their
business model. And you pay per search.
So how many searches you want to make?
So for example, Brave API will give you
2,000 searches per month for free. If
you go to the uh
pricing page, okay, you can see it will
give you 2,000 searches per month for
free. And for $3, this will give you 20
million searches per month. Okay, so how
do I know these numbers? Because I've
been very recently working with this
clotboard thing.
Okay.
So, Wikipedia for
general knowledge facts, historical
facts, especially for historical facts,
general knowledge. Okay. Not current
events. For current events, I would use
Tavi realtime information, right? So if
you want to search for budget now I
don't think there would be a dedicated
Wikipedia budget for union budget for uh
today which was you know
unveiled or you know discussed in uh in
the parliament today that was tabled on
the parliament today but definitely the
te search would retrieve that
information hopefully.
Okay. So
how do I do this? Again
you are using the TV search results
which is again a wrapper over your table
API behind the scenes. How many results
you want to retrieve search result
advanced or basic. Okay. So both the
modes are there. And then if you want to
include the raw content. So raw content
will be your raw HTML format. Okay.
Which may not always be very helpful but
that option is there with you.
So this is my table tool. Now I can see
the description. So this is your
built-in description and name. Okay, the
name and the description is built in.
Okay, so search engine this is was not
hardcoded. You can wrap it with your own
custom tool if you want.
So let's test it. Now I'm searching for
model context protocol.
Okay.
So this will be interesting. Ignore
this.
Okay. So I've got some articles, Times
of India, this and that.
Okay. Now you can just check all these
five six results are already there.
Yeah.
So total budget live updates
and 92% relevance
we have lot of details there
fine so
you have the title URL content score and
drop everything is there you just have
to you know follow it closely so you can
see uh we have the URL and then Uh okay,
let me just
do one of the results.
So yeah, you have the title, you have
the URL. Can you see? And then you have
the content. This is your summarized LLM
summarized content. And then you have
the score and then the actual raw
content because you said that I want a
raw content also. These are the five
things available to you.
Okay. So yeah, I think we are good till
here.
Uh we are already time off. So I'll stop
here. Maybe this is let me see if there
are questions. We'll continue and finish
this in the next session. Uh the first
thing that we'll do is create custom
tools and then we'll attach those custom
tools with the actual agents. Okay.
And then we will run those agents with
those custom tools. Let me see there are
questions.
Now what are the benefits of using
custom tools? These additional
customization like the tool name test
description I don't see much benefit but
these two can be done but
if you're comfortable creating your own
tools that means you can really
customize. If you are just wrapping an
existing tool, not much benefit. But
that tool class is
meant for creating custom tools from
scratch. Okay, not wrapping another
pre-existing tool. There there is hardly
any benefit. The only benefit as I say
is changing the name and the
description. The functionalities cannot
be changed.
Now what are the use cases when you will
use te with rag? You can actually do
that. So when a user is asking questions
uh this answer of to the questions can
be so think about uh system rack system
that you are creating for
maybe a high school student. Okay. So
you have attached all these school
curriculum books
and then the student is asking
questions. Now if the question can be
answered by the curriculum it will take
out all the relevant chunks and answer.
But if the question is being answered
sorry asked about anything out of the
curriculum then you have two options
either you explicitly mention it to the
LLM in the prompt itself that don't
answer any question if it is not
relevant
or in that case the agentic rag can kick
in and say that okay if no results were
found for example in from the curriculum
no results were found so let's say the
kid is asking about what is quantum
computing I don't think any high school
curriculum will as of now have quantum
computing in their syllabus. Fine. So
now there are two options. You can
bluntly say that boss quantum quantum
computing is out of your curriculum.
Forget about it. Don't bother. Next
question. So that is one blunt way of
handling that scenario. Other way is
mentioning that quantum computing is not
there in your syllabus because I could
not find it in your syllabus. How did it
not find in your syllabus? because the
retri documents were all empty or
irrelevant
or the relevant score was very small.
Okay.
So then the model knows that whatever
the required retrive documents are they
are still useless. So model knows as of
now that the retrived documents are
useless. So now
it will check for tools that it has in
its kitty. Okay. So if that model has
web search tool available then it will
trigger before replying it to the end
user it will trigger the web search
tool. Okay. So I did not retrive the
quantum computing in the curriculum. So
now I'll do a web search. That is the
reasoning it will do. It will retrieve
the information from the web search and
then it will reply to the student. So
student is going to get the answer
either way either from the curriculum if
the question is from the curriculum or
if it is out of the curriculum the LLM
will make a web search and answer it. So
you can execute it the way you want.
So this is like enriching the curriculum
answers with the web search that can
also be done. The third mode. Okay. So
one is a strict mode, one is the web
search mode. Okay. In this case uh there
are no relevant. And the third is
enrichment mode. Enrichment mode means
the curriculum has very limited
information let's say. Okay. And the
student is asking very deep level of
question. So with the limited
information
the LLM may not have you know all the
right context to answer. So now the LLM
has two choices. whether it answers from
its own knowledge that is the
pre-trained knowledge
which is also in enrich mode
and or
it will use the web search.
So that can also be done. So that's like
a true agentic rag now. Okay. So you'll
have to implement routers for each of
these for each of these conditions. So
some of these conditions will be there
in the prompt. Some of these conditions
you'll have to implement externally.
You'll have to implement two different
agent. One agent will answer only
strictly as per the curriculum. Other
will have access to the tools. Okay. So
don't have one agent with the tools all
the time because that will only get
confused. Okay. So implement a router
properly based on whether the retrived
results has enough information or not.
Okay. Let an agent check whether it has
information or not. Output of that agent
will be a binary yes or no. If that
agent says that I have all the
information I can answer it then go
ahead and answer it. Okay. If not then
it triggers another agent which has
access to the tool call. So that way it
can be done.
So in OpenAI you showed we can do web
search. Yes, that can also be done. So
there is a web search option also
available. So there again you'll have to
uh you know
yes you have to attach your API keys and
those Thanks.
So I'm just looking into the web search
tool of your uh agent builder. Okay.
layer you can provide some restrictions
uh whether you can narrow it down to so
you can see this is much more
straightforward
without much hassles you can actually
customize it
okay so there is a tools here plus you
can add more tools web search so you can
narrow it down to further uh particular
websites if you want or subdomains
and then you can also also narrow it
down to specific countries, regions,
cities, time zones and the context. So
these things can be done.
Okay.
So this is very straightforward. I mean
this is using all the information behind
the scenes. Okay.
Okay, I'll take one last question. We
can use lead enrichment and lead
validation using te within company or
sales assistant helping sales
representative to prepare for call. Yes.
Yes. All that can be done.
Fine. So we will meet in the next
session. Okay. All the best. Thank you.
And I hope you can
uh reproduce all these steps uh by
following the recordings. Cost of
building agent again I have mentioned it
is zero. Cost is for running the agent
not the building the agent at least the
way I have done it here. In fact even if
you are building agent using lang graph
crew these are all open source tools. So
cost of building is zero unless you test
it unless you run it.
Running cost is your API cost.